Green
You will feel secure living here from now on.
We live together.
Xiao Bai, I will come secretly at night from now on.
Someone is chatting.
I'm not afraid.
Who dares to pinch the tongue?
why are you here
This is my house.
Why can't I come?
But you and I have not been home for several days.
She turned away.
Xiao Huan, I came to the hospital to visit our mother for a bit.
We are divorced.
She can't control me.
Tran Dat
He has never been so cold to me before.
That was before.
Always.
It's not my fault.
I was careful with you before.
Even eating instant noodles requires buying ingredients to save you money, Armani.
Do you have a good face that means something to me?
Is it my fault that I don't have money?
Say no more.
We dare to leave.
I'm fine.
One breath said
I don't have time to explain it to you right now.
Tran Nam, why do you treat me like this?
What should I do with you?
Like licking a dog.
Male dogs have no conscience
Now I am like this.
You do not even know to wake me up.
Want Men to Care About You
Go find her father.